docs: update conflict detection and resolution docs (#724)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/data-sync/server-offline-and-conflict.adoc

[id="conflict-resolution-{context}"]

= Detecting Conflicts on the Server

At a high level, there is a typical flow to detecting conflicts.

> . *A Mutation Occurs* - A client tries to modify or delete an object on the server using a GraphQL mutation.

Reviewer: Remove full stop from end of this line.

> . *A Mutation Occurs* - A client tries to modify or delete an object on the server using a GraphQL mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *A Mutation Occurs* - A client tries to modify or delete an object on the server using a GraphQL mutation
```

> . *Read the Object* - The server reads the current object the client is trying to modify from the data source (usually a database).

Reviewer: . *Read the Object* - The server reads the current object that the client is attempting to modify from the data source

> . *Read the Object* - The server reads the current object the client is trying to modify from the data source (usually a database).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Read the Object* - The server reads the current object that the client is trying to modify from the data source (usually a database).
```

> . *Conflict Detection* - The server compares the current object with the data sent by the client to see if there was a conflict. The developer can choose _how the comparison_ is done.

Reviewer: . *Conflict Detection* - The server compares the current object with the data sent by the client to see if there is a conflict. The developer can choose _how_ the comparison is performed

> . *Conflict Detection* - The server compares the current object with the data sent by the client to see if there was a conflict. The developer can choose _how the comparison_ is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Conflict Detection* - The server compares the current object with the data sent by the client to see if there is a conflict. The developer can choose _how_ the comparison is performed.
```

== Pluggable Conflict Detection
The `aerogear/voyager-conflicts` module uses the concept of *pluggable conflict detection* to help developers with the *Conflict Detection* steps regardless of their storage.

The conflict detection is enabled by {sync-server}, while the fetching and storing of data is the responsibility of the developer.

Pluggable conflict detection supports the following implementations:

> * `VersionedObjectState` - depends on version field supplied in objects (used by default when importing conflictHandler). For details, please see: xref:version-based-conflict[]

Reviewer: * `VersionedObjectState` - depending on the version field supplied in objects (the version field is used by default when importing conflictHandler). For details, please see: xref:version-based-conflict[]

> * `VersionedObjectState` - depends on version field supplied in objects (used by default when importing conflictHandler). For details, please see: xref:version-based-conflict[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `VersionedObjectState` - depending on version field supplied in objects (the version field is used by default when importing conflictHandler). For details, please see: xref:version-based-conflict[]
```

> * `HashObjectState` - depends on hash calculated from the entire object. For details, please see: xref:hash-based-conflict[]

Reviewer: * `HashObjectState` - depending on the hash calculated from the entire object. For details, please see: xref:hash-based-conflict[]

> * `HashObjectState` - depends on hash calculated from the entire object. For details, please see: xref:hash-based-conflict[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `HashObjectState` - depending on the hash calculated from the entire object. For details, please see: xref:hash-based-conflict[]
```

}
----

> . Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps, please see below for an example.

Reviewer: . Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps.  Please see below for an example.

> . Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps, please see below for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps. Please see below for an example.
```

> . Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps. Please see below for an example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps, for example:
```

+
[source,javascript]
----
// 1. Read data from data source
const serverData = db.find(clientData.id)
// 2. Check for conflicts
const conflict = conflictHandler.checkForConflicts(serverData, clientData)
// 3. If there is a conflict, return the details to the client
if(conflict) {
    throw conflict;
}
// 4. Save object to data source
db.save(clientData.id, clientData)
----

> In the example above, the `throw` statement ensures the client receives all necessary data to resolve the conflict client-side. For more information about this data please see xref:error-structure[Structure of the Conflict Error].

Reviewer: In the example above, the `throw` statement ensures the client receives all the necessary data to resolve the conflict client-side. For more information about this data, please see xref:error-structure[Structure of the Conflict Error].

> In the example above, the `throw` statement ensures the client receives all necessary data to resolve the conflict client-side. For more information about this data please see xref:error-structure[Structure of the Conflict Error].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the `throw` statement ensures that the client receives all necessary data to resolve the conflict client-side. For more information about this data, please see xref:error-structure[Structure of the Conflict Error].
```

Since the conflict will be resolved on the client, it is not required to persist the data. However, if there is no conflict, the data sent by the client should be persisted. For more information on resolving the conflict client-side, please see: xref:resolving-conflicts-on-the-client-2[Resolving Conflicts on the Client].

[#hash-based-conflict]
== Hash Based Conflict Detection

Hash based conflict detection is a mechanism to detect conflicts based on the _total_ object being updated by the client. It does this by hashing each object and comparing the hashes. This tells the server whether or not the objects are equivalent and can be considered conflict free.

.Procedure

. Import the link:https://npmjs.com/package/@aerogear/voyager-conflicts[@aerogear/voyager-conflicts] package.

+
[source,javascript]
----
const { HashObjectState } = require('@aerogear/voyager-conflicts')
----

> . When using the `HashObjectState` implementation you must provide your own hashing function. The function signature should be as follows:

Reviewer: . When using the `HashObjectState` implementation, a hashing function must be provided. The function signature should be as follows:

> . When using the `HashObjectState` implementation you must provide your own hashing function. The function signature should be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When using the `HashObjectState` implementation, a hashing function must be provided. The function signature should be as follows:
```

+
[source, javascript]
----
const hashFunction = (object) {
  // Using the Hash library of your choice
  const hashedObject = Hash(object)
  // return the hashedObject in string form
  return hashedObject;
}
----

. Provide this function when instantiating the `HashObjectState`:

+
[source,javascript]
----
const conflictHandler = new HashObjectState(hashFunction)
----

> . Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps, please see below for an example.

Reviewer: . Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps. Please see below for an example.

> . Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps, please see below for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps. Please see below for an example.
```

> . Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps. Please see below for an example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Implement the resolver. Every conflict can be handled using a set of predefined steps, for example:
```
